we're going to begin in central Gaza
where in the past hour of school
Sheltering people in noer at refugee
camp has been hit during an Israeli
attack it's been reported that at least
27 people have been killed the strikes
have mainly targeted camps at Bor maazi
and nerat more than a 100 people have
died during a renewed Israeli assault in
central Gaza since Tuesday many of the
dead and wounded are women and children
these are the latest pictures from Al AA
hospital where the injured have been
taken the facility is already over
overwhelmed with many patients being
treated on the floor doctors are warning
they're treating three times more
patients than the hospitals designed for
Al jazim Mahmud sent us this report from
outside Al AA
Hospital air attacks took place on Al B
refugee camp more residential buildings
have been targeted and destroyed and uh
for on people who are inside those are
residents who've been trying to leave
these homes since yesterday since the
surge of the attacks started and the
invasion of the central part of the
eastern part of the central area at
least five more people arri the hospital
in two uh in two separate ambulance
Vehicles here including one child is
what we seen here at the courtyard of
the hospital that brings the total
number of people who've been killed
since uh for in the past 24 hours to
102 people right now we were told by
paramedics in the ambulance vehicle
there there still more people at the
targeted site these are the residential
homes of Palestinians in Al B refugee
camp that's at the southern eastern part
of the central part of the G next to d
bah City uh they are still in their
homes uh uh those people went back
through three weeks ago to their homes
after the Israeli military withdrew from
the area leaving it Trails of
Devastation and destructions what they
were trying to do is to find a a plac
and to do some clean up remove rubbles
and and stay in whatever remain of their
residential homes only to be uh targeted
uh today and be forced into more further
internal displacement the situations are
getting quite Difficult by the hour
there we're expecting a surge in the air
attacks as the uh people uh are still
leaving these areas and coming all the
way to balah City at the vicinity of the
laka hospital and at the western part
near the coastal Road they describe the
the scenes in both in both of these
excuse me these Refugee CS uh as quite
difficult and risky they're leaving with
a deepening sense uh of shattered Safety
and Security as there's no safy place
lifting Gaza but more tragically There's
No Escape out of this genocide